Push Changes from VSCode to Glitch (Easy)
Although the more indirect method outlined above is preferable, This simpler method is good if you have:

Made changes in your master branch rather than in a new branch.
Conflicts you can't seem to resolve.
Errors using the other method.
Note: You can work in both your master and a new branch, but beware confusion.

Glitch - Allow changes to live master
Edit your project on Glitch.com
Go to Tools - Terminal to open a command-line.
Enter git config receive.denyCurrentBranch updateInstead.
As previously mentioned, Git on Glitch does not allow changes to be pushed to master by default . This changes that setting.

VSCode - Stage, Commit, Push
Enter VSCode's Source Control section to see a list of changed files ready for staging.

VSCode Source Control
The fastest way to stage and commit your changes is to:

Enter a message.
Click ✔.
When the popup appears, confirm that you want to stage all changes.
Click … and choose Push.
You may be asked to confirm that you wish to push your code to the origin on Glitch.
Your master branch should now have been pushed to Glitch

Glitch Git Reset
The final step to making your changes live is to reset Git.

Edit your project on Glitch.com
Go to Tools - Terminal to open a command-line.
Enter git reset --hard.
Enter refresh to refresh your project
Test that your changes to your web-app are live.
Pull Changes from VSCode to Glitch
If you have made subsequent changes in the Glitch Editor, you will want to pull them into VSCode and synchronise your code.

First, wait about 10 minutes for changes made in the Glitch Editor to propogate to the remote git master repository.
Look to the bottom left of the VSCode window to confirm which local repository you want changes pulled into.
Enter the VSCode Source Control section.
Click ….
To pull from the same repository, e.g. master-into-master, choose Pull.
To pull into a repository with a different name, e.g. master-into-Your-Branch, choose Pull from, select origin, then select origin/master.
As an alternative to using the GUI, launch the Command Palette (default: F1 or CTRL-shift-P) and type Git: Pull or Git: Pull from